Add Alder Lake and Rocket Lake support (#73)
dortania/Getting-Started-With-ACPI: Universal/brg0.md

# Fixing Property Injection (SSDT-BRG0)

* [Fixing Property Injection (SSDT-BRG0)](#fixing-property-injection-ssdt-brg0)
  * [What this SSDT does](#what-this-ssdt-does)
  * [Methods to make this SSDT](#methods-to-make-this-ssdt)

## What this SSDT does

> On some platforms, the PCI bridge your GPU is connected to is not defined.

Reviewer: Maybe explain (quickly) why this causes problems. Iirc it's to do with device properties not injecting right?

# Fixing Property Injection (SSDT-BRG0)

* [Fixing Property Injection (SSDT-BRG0)](#fixing-property-injection-ssdt-brg0)
  * [What this SSDT does](#what-this-ssdt-does)
  * [Methods to make this SSDT](#methods-to-make-this-ssdt)

## What this SSDT does

On some platforms, the PCI bridge your GPU is connected to is not defined.

> This causes DeviceProperties from your config to fail to inject.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can prevent Device Properties being added to these devices from your config.plist.
```
I think this might work a bit better, but feel free to rework.
